README.md, before:

cs4355
Cryptanalysis and database security Final Project documents
## Question 1
### Question 1a

Wrote using python 
can be called by: extendeuclidean.py 11 17
<p>it will be expecting two large prime numbers as command line arguements</p>

### Question 1b

wrote using python 
can be called as MillerRabin.py 11
<p> It will be expecting a large prme number as a command line arguements and outputs 1 if the number is prime</p>

### Question 1c
#### RSAEncryption/Decryption
for this question, it is assumed that the user will enter the values that are required and know the steps to take

to run this first complie the java code javac rsaEncDec.java
then call it by java rsaEncDec
#### ElGamal Encryption/Decryption 
for this question, it is assumed that the user will enter the values that are required and know the steps to take
to run this first complie the java code javac ElGamalEncDec.java
then call it by java ElGamalEncDec
#### Diffie Hellman Key Exchange 
for this question, it is assumed that the user will enter the values that are required and know the steps to take
to run this first complie the java code javac DiffieHellman.java
then call it by java DiffieHellman

## Question 2
## Question 3
## Question 4

Commit message:

finished question 2 and updated readme

README.md, after:

cs4355
Cryptanalysis and database security Final Project documents
## Question 1
### Question 1a

Wrote using python 
can be called by: extendeuclidean.py 11 17
<p>it will be expecting two large prime numbers as command line arguements</p>

### Question 1b

wrote using python 
can be called as MillerRabin.py 11
<p> It will be expecting a large prme number as a command line arguements and outputs 1 if the number is prime</p>

### Question 1c
#### RSAEncryption/Decryption
for this question, it is assumed that the user will enter the values that are required and know the steps to take

to run this first complie the java code javac rsaEncDec.java
then call it by java rsaEncDec
#### ElGamal Encryption/Decryption 
for this question, it is assumed that the user will enter the values that are required and know the steps to take
to run this first complie the java code javac ElGamalEncDec.java
then call it by java ElGamalEncDec
#### Diffie Hellman Key Exchange 
for this question, it is assumed that the user will enter the values that are required and know the steps to take
to run this first complie the java code javac DiffieHellman.java
then call it by java DiffieHellman

## Question 2
To execute vignere.py you must run `python vignere.py`
